[cmake] remove fail-on-missing=OFF path for all dependencies that back opt-in features (#23016)
root-project/root: README/ReleaseNotes/v642/index.md

## Deprecation and Removal

* The build options `vc`, `veccore`, `builtin_vc`, `builtin_veccore` and `rpath` that were deprecated are now removed and will result in configuration errors if used.

> * The option `fail-on-missing=OFF` is no longer honored for CMake ROOT opt-in build options such as `arrow`, `cocoa`, `daos`, `daos_mock`, `dcache`, `experimental_adaptivecpp`, `fcgi`, `fortran`, `gviz`, `mpi`, `pythia8`, `qt6web`, `tmva-cudnn`, `tmva-pymva`, `tmva-sofie`, `uring` or `vecgeom`, for which there are no builtin backups. If the respective associated package dependency is not installed, ROOT will always raise a configuration error independent on the value `fail-on-missing`, and the associated option e.g. `arrow` will not be automatically disabled; the user has to take action by either installing it system-wide or manually disabling that option via `-Darrow=OFF`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The option `fail-on-missing=OFF` is no longer honored for CMake ROOT opt-in build options such as `arrow`, `cocoa`, `daos`, `daos_mock`, `dcache`, `experimental_adaptivecpp`, `fcgi`, `fortran`, `gviz`, `mpi`, `pythia8`, `qt6web`, `tmva-cudnn`, `tmva-pymva`, `tmva-sofie`, `uring` or `vecgeom`, for which there are no builtin backups. If the respective associated package dependency is not installed, ROOT will always raise a configuration error independent on the value `fail-on-missing`, and the associated option e.g. `arrow` will not be automatically disabled; the user has to take action by either installing it system-wide or manually disabling that option via `-Darrow=OFF`.
  Note that `all=ON` enables several of these options, so building with `-Dall=ON` now requires all of their dependencies to be installed, or the unwanted ones to be disabled explicitly.
  Build options that are enabled by default, such as `pyroot`, are not affected: they are still disabled automatically when their dependencies are missing.
```

I would add some clauses to preempt the following questions?

  * "But what about my `-Dall=ON` build?"
  * "What about the opt-out options? Any change there?"

> * The option `fail-on-missing=OFF` is no longer honored for CMake ROOT opt-in build options such as `arrow`, `cocoa`, `daos`, `daos_mock`, `dcache`, `experimental_adaptivecpp`, `fcgi`, `fortran`, `gviz`, `mpi`, `pythia8`, `qt6web`, `tmva-cudnn`, `tmva-pymva`, `tmva-sofie`, `uring` or `vecgeom`, for which there are no builtin backups. If the respective associated package dependency is not installed, ROOT will always raise a configuration error independent on the value `fail-on-missing`, and the associated option e.g. `arrow` will not be automatically disabled; the user has to take action by either installing it system-wide or manually disabling that option via `-Darrow=OFF`.

Reviewer: You are correctly mentioning `arrow` and `dcache` here, but the corresponding code changes in `SearchInstallSoftware.cmake` are still missing: for the dependencies of these options, I still see the `fail-on-missing` ON and OFF code paths.

Reviewer: See also: https://github.com/root-project/root/pull/23016#pullrequestreview-4863295482

Author: Ooops sorry, I accidentally reverted that chunk when rebasing / gitting. Fixed now.

> * The option `fail-on-missing=OFF` is no longer honored for CMake ROOT opt-in build options such as `arrow`, `cocoa`, `daos`, `daos_mock`, `dcache`, `experimental_adaptivecpp`, `fcgi`, `fortran`, `gviz`, `mpi`, `pyroot`, `pythia8`, `qt6web`, `tmva-cudnn`, `tmva-pymva`, `tmva-sofie`, `uring` or `vecgeom`, for which there are no builtin backups. If the respective associated package dependency is not installed, ROOT will always raise a configuration error independent on the value `fail-on-missing`, and the associated option e.g. `arrow` will not be automatically disabled, the user has to take action by either installing it system-wide or manually disabling that option via `-Darrow=OFF`.

Reviewer: The list needs to be updated here after review comments are implemented

## Deprecation and Removal

* The build options `vc`, `veccore`, `builtin_vc`, `builtin_veccore` and `rpath` that were deprecated are now removed and will result in configuration errors if used.

> * The option `fail-on-missing=OFF` is no longer honored for CMake ROOT opt-in build options such as `arrow`, `cocoa`, `daos`, `daos_mock`, `dcache`, `experimental_adaptivecpp`, `fcgi`, `fortran`, `gviz`, `mpi`, `pythia8`, `qt6web`, `tmva-cudnn`, `tmva-pymva`, `tmva-sofie`, `uring` or `vecgeom`, for which there are no builtin backups. If the respective associated package dependency is not installed, ROOT will always raise a configuration error independent on the value `fail-on-missing`, and the associated option e.g. `arrow` will not be automatically disabled; the user has to take action by either installing it system-wide or manually disabling that option via `-Darrow=OFF`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The option `fail-on-missing=OFF` is no longer honored for build options requiring external dependencies such as `arrow`, `cocoa`, `daos`, `daos_mock`, `dcache`, `experimental_adaptivecpp`, `fcgi`, `fortran`, `gviz`, `mpi`, `pythia8`, `qt6web`, `tmva-cudnn`, `tmva-pymva`, `tmva-sofie`, `uring` or `vecgeom`. If the respective associated package dependency is not installed, ROOT will always raise a configuration error independent of the value of `fail-on-missing`. The user has to take action by either providing the dependency or manually disabling that option via `-Darrow=OFF`.
```
